feat: update readme & add links to package.json (#1)
MrRefactoring/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext: README.md

  <h1>Rollup Plugin ESNext to NodeNext</h1>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img alt="NPM version" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext.svg?maxAge=3600&style=flat-square" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img alt="NPM downloads per month" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext.svg?maxAge=3600&style=flat-square" /></a>

>   <a href="https://github.com/mrrefactoring/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext/blob/master/.github/workflows/build.yml" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img alt="build status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/mrrefactoring/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext/.github/workflows/build.yml?branch=master"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="https://github.com/mrrefactoring/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img alt="build status" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/mrrefactoring/rollup-plugin-esnext-to-nodenext/.github/workflows/build.yml?branch=master&style=flat-square"></a>
```
